diet,Kingdom,region,type,subtype,species
omnivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,bandicoot
insectivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,echidna
omnivore,mammal,Americas,Australian mammal or Marsupial,flying squirrel
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,Australian mammal or Marsupial,flying squirrel
herbivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,kangaroo
herbivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,koala bear
insectivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,numbat
carnivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,platypus
herbivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,quokka
carnivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,quoll
omnivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,sugar glider
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,Australian mammal or Marsupial,sugar glider
carnivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,tasmanian devil
herbivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,wallaby
herbivore,mammal,Oceania,Australian mammal or Marsupial,wombat
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,addax
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,antelope
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,antelope
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,buffalo
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,buffalo
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,caribou
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,caribou
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,cow
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,deer
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,deer
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,deer
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,elephant
herbivore,mammal,Asia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,elephant
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,elk
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,elk
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,gazelle
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,gazelle
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,giraffe
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,goat
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,guar
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,ibex
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,ibex
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,impala
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,kudu
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,markhor
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,moose
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,moose
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,musk ox
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,musk ox
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,okapi
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,oryx
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,oryx
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,ox
herbivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,reindeer
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,reindeer
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,rhino
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,rhino
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,saola
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,sheep
carnivore,mammal,Americas,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,walrus
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,walrus
omnivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,warthog
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,water buffalo
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,wild boar
omnivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,wild boar
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,wildebeest
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,yak
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,zebu
herbivore,mammal,Africa,mammal with horns/antlers/tusks,zebu
omnivore,mammal,Africa,primate,ape,chimpanzee
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,primate,ape,gibbon
herbviore,mammal,Africa,primate,ape,gorilla
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,primate,ape,human
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,primate,ape,orangutan
omnivore,mammal,Africa,primate,lemur
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,primate,tarsier
omnivore,mammal,Africa,primate,monkey,baboon
omnivore,mammal,Americas,primate,monkey,capuchin
herbivore,mammal,Americas,primate,monkey,howler monkey
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,primate,monkey,macaque
omnivore,mammal,Africa,primate,monkey,macaque
omnivore,mammal,Americas,primate,monkey,marmoset
omnivore,mammal,Africa,primate,monkey,mandrill
herbivore,mammal,Americas,primate,monkey,spider monkey
omnivore,mammal,Americas,primate,monkey,squirrel monkey
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,capybara
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,beaver
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,beaver
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,chinchilla
omnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,chipmunk
omnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,coati
carnivore,mammal,Africa,rodent,fossa
omnivore,mammal,rodent,gerbil
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,gopher
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,hamster
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,guinea pig
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,hare
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,hare
herbivore,mammal,Africa,rodent,hare
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,lemming
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,lemming
carnivore,mammal,Africa,rodent,meerkat
insectivore,mammal,Africa,rodent,meerkat
omonivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,mouse
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,mole
carnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,mole
insectivore,mammal,rodent,mole
omnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,opossum
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,prairie dog
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,rabbit
omnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,racoon
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,racoon
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,rat
omnivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,skunk
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,rodent,squirrel
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,rodent,vole
herbivore,mammal,Americas,rodent,vole
herbivore,mammal,Americas,sea or water mammal,beaver
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,sea or water mammal,beaver
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,dolphin
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,dugong
herbivore,mammal,Africa,sea or water mammal,hippo
herbivore,mammal,Americas,sea or water mammal,manatee
herbivore,mammal,Africa,sea or water mammal,manatee
carnivore,mammal,Arctic,sea or water mammal,narwhal
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,orca
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,otter
carnivore,mammal,Oceania,sea or water mammal,platypus
insectivore,mammal,Oceania,sea or water mammal,platypus
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,porpoise
carnivore,mammal,Americas,sea or water mammal,river dolphin
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,sea or water mammal,river dolphin
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,sea lion
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,seal
carnivore,mammal,Arctic,sea or water mammal,walrus
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,sea or water mammal,whale
omnivore,mammal,Americas,spiky or armored mammal,armadillo
insectivore,mammal,Oceania,spiky or armored mammal,echidna
insectivore,mammal,Eurasia,spiky or armored mammal,hedgehog
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,spiky or armored mammal,hedgehog
insectivore,mammal,Africa,spiky or armored mammal,hedgehog
omnivore,mammal,Africa,spiky or armored mammal,hedgehog
insectivore,mammal,Eurasia,spiky or armored mammal,pangolin
insectivore,mammal,Africa,spiky or armored mammal,pangolin
herbivore,mammal,Americas,spiky or armored mammal,porcupine
herbivore,mammal,Africa,spiky or armored mammal,porcupine
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,spiky or armored mammal,porcupine
insectivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,aardvark
herbivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,alpaca
insectivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,anteater
insectivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,bat
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,vampire bat
herbivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,beaver
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,beaver
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,camel
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,camel
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,coati
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,donkey
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,dromedary
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,dromedary
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,fossa
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,goat
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,hare
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,hippo
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,horse
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,impala
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,kudu
herbivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,llama
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,mole
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,mongoose
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,mongoose
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,mule
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,okapi
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,opossum
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,pig
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,rabbit
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,racoon
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,red panda
herbivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,sheep
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,skunk
herbivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,sloth
herbivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,tapir
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,tapir
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,weasel
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other herbivorous mammal,wolverine
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other herbivorous mammal,wolverine
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,other herbivorous mammal,wolverine
herbivore,mammal,Africa,other herbivorous mammal,zebra
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,bear type,black bear
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,bear type,black bear
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,bear type,brown bear
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,bear type,brown bear
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,bear type,grizzly bear
herbivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,bear type,panda
carnivore,mammal,Arctic,other carnivoran,bear type,polar bear
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,bear type,sloth bear
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,bear type,spectacled bear
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,bear type,sun bear
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,dog type,coyote
carnivore,mammal,Oceania,other carnivoran,dog type,dingo
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,other carnivoran,dog type,fox
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,dog type,hyena
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,dog type,hyena
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,dog type,jackal
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,dog type,jackal
omnivore,mammal,worldwide,other carnivoran,dog type,pet dog
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,dog type,wolf
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,dog type,wolf
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,dog type,maned wolf
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,bobcat
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,cat-like,cheetah
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,cheetah
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,civet
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,cat-like,civet
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,other carnivoran,cat-like,house cat
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,jaguar
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,cat-like,leopard
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,leopard
carnivore,mammal,only in captivity,other carnivoran,cat-like,liger
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,cat-like,lion
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,lion
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,lynx
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,lynx
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,ocelot
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,cat-like,panther
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,panther
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,panther
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,other carnivoran,cat-like,panther
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,cat-like,puma
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,cat-like,tiger
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,mustelid,badger
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,mustelid,badger
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,mustelid,badger
carnivore,mammal,worldwide,other carnivoran,mustelid,ferret
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,mustelid,mink
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,mustelid,mink
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,mustelid,weasel
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,mustelid,weasel
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other carnivoran,mustelid,weasel
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other carnivoran,mustelid,wolverine
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other carnivoran,mustelid,wolverine
insectivore,mammal,Africa,other,aardvark
insectivore,mammal,Americas,other,anteater
insectivore,mammal,worldwide,other,bat
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,badger
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other,badger
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other,badger
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,civet
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other,civet
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other,coati
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,mink
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other,mink
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,mongoose
omnivore,mammal,Africa,other,mongoose
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other,opossum
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other,racoon
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,red panda
omnivore,mammal,Americas,other,skunk
herbviore,mammal,Americas,other,sloth
carnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,weasel
carnivore,mammal,Americas,other,weasel
carnivore,mammal,Africa,other,weasel
omnivore,mammal,Eurasia,other,wolverine
omnivore,mammal,Americas,,other,wolverine
carnivore,amphibian,Americas,axolotl
carnivore,amphibian,worldwide,frog
carnivore,amphibian,Eurasia,olm
carnivore,amphibian,Americas,salamander
carnivore,amphibian,Eurasia,salamander
carnivore,amphibian,worldwide,toad
omnivore,reptile,lizard,Oceania,bearded dragon
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,snake,viper
carnivore,reptile,Americas,other reptile,alligator
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,other reptile,alligator
carnivore,reptile,Americas,other reptile,caimain
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,other reptile,crocodile
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,other reptile,dinosaur
herbivore,reptile,worldwide,other reptile,tortoise
herbivore,reptile,worldwide,other reptile,turtle
carnivore,reptile,Africa,lizard,chameleon
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,chameleon
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,snake,seasnake
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,snake,seasnake
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,rattlesnake
carnivore,reptile,Africa,snake,python
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,snake,python
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,snake,python
carnivore,reptile,Africa,snake,mamba
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,kingsnake
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,garter snake
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,galapagos snake
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,cottonmouth
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,copperhead snake
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,snake,cobra
carnivore,reptile,Africa,snake,cobra
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,boa
carnivore,reptile,Africa,snake,boa
carnivore,reptile,Africa,snake,black mamba
carnivore,reptile,Americas,snake,anaconda
omnivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,collared lizard
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,frilled lizard
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,lizard,gecko
omnivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,gila monster
carnivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,glass lizard
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,glass lizard
insectivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,horned lizard
herbivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,iguana
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,komodo dragon
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,komodo dragon
insectivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,lava lizard
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,lizard,legless lizard
herbivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,marine iguana
carnivore,reptile,Africa,lizard,monitor
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,monitor
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,monitor
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,lizard,monitor
carnivore,reptile,Americas,lizard,newt
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,newt
carnivore,reptile,worldwide,lizard,newt
carnivore,reptile,Eurasia,lizard,sand lizard
insectivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,thorny devil
carnivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,tuatara
omnivore,reptile,Oceania,lizard,water dragon
omnivore,reptile,Eurasia,,lizard,water dragon
omnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,crane
herbivore,bird,Oceania,big bird,emu
omnivore,bird,Africa,big bird,ostrich
omnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,flamingo
omnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,ibis
herbivore,bird,Oceania,big bird,kakapo
omnivore,bird,Oceania,big bird,kiwi
omnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,spoonbill
carnivore,bird,Antarctica,big bird,penguin
carnivore,bird,Africa,big bird,penguin
carnivore,bird,Americas,big bird,penguin
carnivore,bird,Oceania,big bird,penguin
carnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,penguin
carnivore,bird,worldwide,big bird,stork
omnivore,bird,Americas,big bird,umbrella bird
carnivore,bird,Eurasia,bird of prey,buzzard
carnivore,bird,Americas,bird of prey,buzzard
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,buzzard
carnivore,bird,Americas,bird of prey,condor
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,eagle
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,falcon
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,hawk
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,kite
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,osprey
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,owl
carnivore,bird,worldwide,bird of prey,vulture
insectivore,bird,Eurasia,colorful bird,bee eater
insectivore,bird,Africa,colorful bird,bee eater
insectivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,bee eater
omnivore,bird,Oceania,colorful bird,bird of paradise
omnivore,bird,Oceania,colorful bird,cockatoo
omnivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,finch
herbivore,bird,Oceania,colorful bird,kakapo
carnivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,kingfisher
herbivore,bird,Oceania,colorful bird,lorikeet
herbivore,bird,Africa,colorful bird,lovebird
omnivore,bird,Americas,colorful bird,macaw
omnivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,oriole
omnivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,parakeet
omnivore,bird,worldwide,colorful bird,parrot
omnivore,bird,Americas,colorful bird,quetzal
omnivore,bird,Americas,colorful bird,robin
omnivore,bird,Americas,colorful bird,toucan
omnivore,bird,Americas,colorful bird,umbrella bird
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,crane
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,dove
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,duck
herbivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,goose
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,grouse
omnivore,bird,Americas,game bird,grouse
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,game bird,grouse
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,game bird,partridge
omnivore,bird,Americas,game bird,partridge
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,partridge
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,game bird,pheasant
omnivore,bird,Americas,game bird,pheasant
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,quail
omnivore,bird,worldwide,game bird,snipe
omnivore,bird,Americas,game bird,turkey
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,albatross
carnivore,bird,Antarctica,sea or water bird,albatross
carnivore,bird,Americas,sea or water bird,albatross
carnivore,bird,Africa,sea or water bird,albatross
carnivore,bird,Oceania,sea or water bird,albatross
carnivore,bird,Americas,sea or water bird,booby
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,cormorant
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,grebe
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,kingfisher
omnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,moorhen
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,penguin
omnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,plover
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,pelican
carnivore,bird,Eurasia,sea or water bird,puffin
carnivore,bird,Americas,sea or water bird,puffin
omnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,seagull
omnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,swan
carnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,tern
omnivore,bird,worldwide,sea or water bird,spoonbill
omnivore,bird,worldwide,songbird,blackbird
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,bluebird
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,bluejay
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,cardinal
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,songbird,crake
omnivore,bird,Africa,songbird,crake
omnivore,bird,worldwide,songbird,crake
omnivore,bird,worldwide,songbird,finch
omnivore,bird,worldwide,songbird,magpie
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,mockingbird
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,songbird,nightingale
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,oriole
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,songbird,robin
omnivore,bird,Americas,songbird,robin
omnivore,bird,worldwide,songbird,wren
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,songbird,uguisu
carnivore,bird,Eurasia,other bird,beeeater
carnivore,bird,Africa,other bird,beeeater
carnivore,bird,worldwide,other bird,beeeater
omnivore,bird,worldwide,other bird,chicken
omnivore,bird,worldwide,other bird,crow
omnivore,bird,Eurasia,other bird,cuckoo
omnivore,bird,Africa,other bird,cuckoo
omnivore,bird,worldwide,other bird,cuckoo
omnivore,bird,Americas,other bird,hummingbird
omnivore,bird,worldwide,other bird,raven
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,anchovy
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,barracuda
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,barracuda
carnivore,fish,Oceania,edible fish,barracuda
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,barracuda
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,bass
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,bass
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,bass
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,Africa,edible fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,catfish
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,cod
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,cod
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,cod
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,eel
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,flounder
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,flounder
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,flounder
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,grouper
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,grouper
carnivore,fish,Oceania,edible fish,grouper
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,grouper
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,herring
omnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,herring
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,pike
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,pike
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,pike
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,salmon
omnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,salmon
omnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,salmon
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,sardine
omnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,sardine
omnivore,fish,Africa,edible fish,sardine
omnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,sardine
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,shark
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,Oceania,edible fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,swordfish
omnivore,fish,Africa,edible fish,tilapia
omnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,tilapia
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,tilapia
omnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,tilapia
carnivore,fish,Americas,edible fish,trout
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,edible fish,trout
carnivore,fish,worldwide,edible fish,tuna
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,angelfish
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,barb
omnivore,fish,Africa,pet fish,barb
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,betta
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,Africa,pet fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,catfish
omnivore,fish,Oceania,pet fish,clownfish
carnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,eel
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,goldfish
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,guppy
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,koi
omnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,minnow
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,minnow
omnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,minnow
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,molly
carnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,piranha
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,pufferfish
carnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,pufferfish
carnivore,fish,Oceania,pet fish,pufferfish
carnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,pufferfish
omnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,shark
omnivore,fish,Oceania,pet fish,tang(Dory)
carnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,stingray
omnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,tetra
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,pet fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,Oceania,pet fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,Americas,pet fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,worldwide,pet fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,moray eel
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,eel
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,other fish,pike
carnivore,fish,Americas,other fish,pike
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,pike
carnivore,fish,Americas,other fish,piranha
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,pufferfish
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,shark
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,other fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,Oceania,other fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,Americas,other fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,swordfish
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,other fish,stingray
carnivore,fish,Americas,other fish,stingray
carnivore,fish,Oceania,other fish,stingray
carnivore,fish,Africa,other fish,stingray
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,stingray
carnivore,fish,Eurasia,other fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,Oceania,other fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,Americas,other fish,wrasse
carnivore,fish,worldwide,other fish,wrasse
